[Music]
fifteen facts about men they'd rather
not share there's an old saying that men
are from Mars and women are from Venus
the two genders don't understand each
other so much that it's as if they're
from completely different planets well
today we'll be cracking open the hidden
truths about the fellas 15 men aren't
good at expressing our emotions women
often complain that their partners don't
connect with them emotionally but the
problem here is that women mistake
verbal expressions of love with the
feeling itself men feel love they just
show it in a different way women tend to
talk about their feelings as a way to
relieve stress but men are usually
tight-lipped about their emotions
perhaps because of some societal
expectations of gender plus talking
about feelings just doesn't bring them
the same psychological and physiological
satisfaction that women get 14 men have
different nightmares than women
besides fantastical stuff like monsters
or zombies what often scares everyone in
their nightmares is death health issues
and personal threats but scientists from
the University of Montreal conducted a
study of more than 10,000 accounts of
dreams and established that there are
some differences between what men and
women most see in their nightmares men
are horrified in their nightmares
because of large-scale disasters floods
earthquakes and Wars at the same time
interpersonal conflicts occur in women's
nightmares twice as often as in men's
13 men bend over to pick something up
all right we'll take a break from the
heavy psychological stuff for a moment
have you ever noticed that men pick
something up by bending over it while
women's squat of course not everyone
does it this way but this is typical
behavior for most people maybe it's
because women were comfortable or
restrictive clothing more often than
their male counterparts so they have to
squat in order to not flash everybody
their underwear whereas men have
unlimited range of motion or maybe women
just don't want any dudes nearby
checking out their foot so does that
mean guys bending over want the ladies
to check out there's Lala 12 men like
women with a healthy weight after some
research on the topic scientists at the
University of Granada found that men
prefer women who look healthy we're not
talking about coughs or runny noses here
but a healthy looking weight as much as
a lot of women dream of and strive to
get that model thin appearance men
actually prefer women with some healthy
curves not stick thin and light as a
feather 11 standing with their thumbs in
their belt is a way to attract a woman's
attention
when a man wants to attract a certain
woman's attention he instinctly takes a
post that demonstrates confidence
bravery and strength this pose usually
consists of standing with their thumbs
hooked on their belt buckle our
prehistoric ancestors had a similar
approach - the pants and belt buckles
males trying to win a female would just
point to their crotch nowadays such a
gesture would be indecent but the idea
is still hardwired in us when a guy
holds his thumb on his belt his hands do
point to his crotch ten men prefer
compliments from other men you would
think that men care more about
compliments from the opposite sex but in
fact the more pleased with compliments
from other men linguists at Binghampton
University found that people openly
accept and give thanks for compliments
only 30 percent of the time the other
times they tend to humbly deflect or
disagree with the person giving the
compliment the study also found that
both women and men are more likely to
accept and feel good after getting a
compliment from a man than from a woman
[Music]
nine men choose friends based on common
interests
psychological research on friendship
among women and men concluded that
friendship between men is mainly based
on common interests they like to play
football golf tennis or poker with their
buddies or to simply watch a game on TV
together female friendship is mostly
based on emotions and support women
choose friends who connect with them on
an emotional level eight men are just as
good caretakers as women it's a common
misconception that women are more
suitable for taking care of other people
but you might be surprised to know that
before the beginning of the 20th century
there used to be way more male than
female nurses in most countries of the
world and they were perfectly good at
their job but the situation nowadays has
flip-flopped only four point five
percent of u.s. nurses are men as far as
students in the field of Nursing only
thirteen percent are males
seven many twice as much around women
might seem strange are kind of pointless
but it's affect many more when they dine
with a woman according to researchers at
Cornell University
many 93 percent figure portions of pizza
and 86 percent more salad than they
would in the company of other men
scientists believe that they do this in
order to impress women it might seem
silly but these are once again
instinctual leftovers from our ancient
ancestors
six men a bigger brains an adult male
brain is literally bigger than that of a
woman approximately ten percent larger
but calm down fellas that says nothing
about any intellectual differences
between the two genders men are just
typically built bigger and have more
muscle mass than women that's why their
brain needs more neurons otherwise it
wouldn't be able to control the body
scientists have also found that the
brain works differently in the two
genders men use just one side of the
brain at a time when they're focused on
a task they devote all their
concentration and attention to this task
women on the other hand are more prone
to multitasking as they use both sides
of the brain simultaneously five men
prefer looser fitting clothes with age
the clothes we wear affect the way we
feel and how others perceive us that's
why a man in a nice tailored suit feels
more confident at a business meeting yet
preferences and clothes change with age
for example many young guys wear tight
pants or shorts even if they're not so
comfortable with age the desire to be
fashionable is replaced by the desire to
be comfortable therefore men often
switch to a looser cut of pants or
shorts as they get older for a man's
lifestyle largely depends on his IQ
in a study of nearly 50,000 men born
between 1949 and 1951 researchers from
the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm
found that a man's IQ level often
influences his way of life particularly
whether or not he abuses alcohol
according to them then with a lower IQ
often drink too much however they also
outlined that this could be caused not
only by a lower IQ as the men who have
used alcohol also often had emotional
problems nevertheless scientists believe
that a higher level of intelligence
leads to a healthier and more
responsible lifestyle
three men lied twice as often as women
the average man lies to his colleagues
boss or partners six times a day while
women only do it about three times a day
this conclusion was reached after a 2009
survey carried out by the 20th
century-fox before the release of the TV
series lie to me it turned out that men
like twice as often as women and the
most common untruthful phrase was it's
okay I'm fine there's something kind of
sad about that don't you think two men
walk slower next to their crush that
might seem hard to believe but
scientists have proven the fact that a
person's walking speed depends on who
they're walking with so a man moves 7%
more slowly when he's walking next to a
woman he's interested in if a man's
going somewhere together with a male
friend they both move at a speed that's
faster than their normal pace as for two
women walking together this pace is the
slowest
one men spend a year of their life time
staring at women a man spends about 43
minutes a day looking at ten different
women this amounts to 259 hours or about
11 days each year so between the ages of
18 and 50 a man will spend 11 months and
11 days admiring the ladies women
however look at men for only 20 minutes
a day between the ages of 18 and 50 they
spend just six months checking out dudes
these figures were reached by employees
at Kodak lens vision centers who held a
survey among 3000 people they also found
out that the most common places to check
out the opposite sex are supermarkets
pubs and nightclubs which fact about men
have you found the most surprising tell
us in the comments below share this
video with your friends and remember to
hit the like button subscribe to our
Channel and stay on the bright side
you